The Rotimi Akeredolu Media Team has described as “faceless” some organisations tagged as coalition of Odua self-determination groups working for the emergence of Olusola Oke of  the Alliance for Democracy, AD, as the governor of Ondo State. According to the team, the groups only exist in the minds of their sponsors for the promotion of ethnic politics. It also said the brand of politics being promoted by the groups, represented a retrogressive step for the Yoruba people to play their pre-eminent roles in the political engineering of the country for national development. The group had accused the APC candidate, Rotimi Akeredolu of being an  agent of “certain interests” opposed to the aspirations of Ondo people. Reacting to the accusation contained in a press statement representatives of Oodua Peoples Congress, OPC, Oodua Development Alternative, ODA, Coalition of Oodua Nationalists, CONA, Agbekoya and 10 others, Akeredolu said the groups must be impersonating the authentic pro-Yoruba organisations that had been consistent in their defence of the Yoruba cause. According to Akeredolu media team, the groups that boasted that the battle to ensure victory for Oke will be waged with “vigour, determination and unrelenting spirit”, are the same groups that tried to sabotage the South West’s efforts to climb to national political limelight during President Goodluck Jonathan’s administration. “It is interesting that OPC and its purported allies that led in the destruction of the posters of President Muhammadu Buhari and that of the Yoruba leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, across Lagos State in aid of President Jonathan to win the 2015 presidential election, are the same groups that are now claiming to fight for the Yoruba people after they tried in vain to ensure Jonathan’s victory.’’  The Rotimi Akeredolu Media Team has described as “faceless” some organisations tagged as coalition of Odua self-determination groups working for the emergence of Olusola Oke of the Alliance for Democracy, AD, as the governor of Ondo State. November 23, 2016 In "News" The Rotimi Akeredolu Media Team has described as “faceless” some organisations, tagged Coalition of Odua Self-determination Groups working for the emergence of Olusola Oke of the Alliance for Democracy, AD, as governor of Ondo State. November 24, 2016 In "News" The Oodua Nationalist Coalition, ONAC, yesterday threw its support for the Alliance for Democracy, AD standard bearer, Mr Olusola Oke, describing him as the only candidate that is capable of uplifting the state to higher economic and cultural heights. November 23, 2016 In "News"