THE Alliance for Democracy, AD, yesterday, raised an alarm over plans to arrest its leaders ahead of Saturday’s election. State chairman of the party, Akindele Adeyi, in a statement in Akure, alleged  that the arrest was being coordinated by an APC governor and a former governor of Ekiti State. “The attention of our unstoppable movement has been drawn to an undemocratic and diversionary tactics employed by the Aso Rock sparrows and presidential cabal in the South West,’’ he said. “Who have issued “repeated and persistent orders to the DSS, Nigeria Police Force and officers of Nigeria Intelligence Agency to as from tomorrow arrest notable leaders and front liners of the AD in Ondo state.’’ “We, however, issue a passionate appeal to all Nigerians to prevail on President Muhammadu Buhari to give a fair playing ground to the citizens and residents of Ondo state to elect their governor and desist from intentions and motives capable of re-echoing the ugly phrase (of 1983).’’ APC reacts Denying the allegations, the APC in Ondo State, asked the AD leaders not to be jittery if they have no skeleton in their cupboard.Secretary Communications Akeredolu Campaign Plat form , kunle Adebayo said the “allegations ars baseless and reckless. It is coming from the mentality of a loser who is already fabricating justification for his loss. “It is also an evidence of insecurity, desperation and frustration occasioned by very successful and highly revealing Grand rally personally led President Buhari in Akure last Saturday. “Indeed, it is clear that Oke is merely rehearsing his own confirmed plans to attack key leaders of our party who have been pencilled as stumbling blocks to their macabre plans for the Saturday election.   THE Alliance for Democracy, AD, yesterday, raised an alarm over plans to arrest its leaders ahead of Saturday’s election. November 23, 2016 In "News" Edo State Government, yesterday, raised alarm over alleged plot by the Presidency to embark on smear campaign against Governor Adams Oshiomhole and also arrest key leaders of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the state before Saturday's presidential election. March 25, 2015 In "News" A BLOODY clash broke out in Owo area of Ondo State, yesterday, as political thugs went on rampage and thereby raising anxiety ahead of today’s governorship election. November 26, 2016 In "Headlines"