Osogbo – A rights activist, Mr Ibrahim Deokola, has suggested more awareness campaign on the usage and working of the smart Card Reader in the forthcoming gubernatorial election in Ondo State. Deokola made the suggestion on Tuesday in Osogbo, during an interview. He said that there was the need for the voting populace to be properly educated about the working of the device to make the process less cumbersome. “The major reason why some people were against the card reader, aside political interest, was because they are ignorant about its working and inherent usage. “The election management body must increase the tempo of awareness campaign and do more to orientate the populace who are majorly non-lettered. “We must all agree that every election is so important and sensitive at this point of our national history, everything must be done to get the confidence of the electorate about the process.’’ The activist, however, commended Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for improving the credibility of the electoral process through introduction of different technological innovations. ‘’I believe the commission has really lived above board in its quest to make the electoral process more credible and transparent, through different innovations. “It is now incumbent on us as electorate to support them and repose our confidence in them,’’ he said. The ruling party in Kwara state, Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) was no doubt hit by the devastating result of the last week Saturday national assembly election where it lost all the three senatorial and six houses of representatives seats to the main opposition, the All Progressives Congress(APC)in the state. March 6, 2019 In "News" The test run of the Card Reader Machines proposed for the forthcoming general elections, carried out in 12 states, yesterday, exposed the flaws in the new voting technology introduced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). March 8, 2015 In "Elections 2015" AHEAD of the governorship elections scheduled to hold in Edo and Ondo States this year, the Forum of Registered Political Parties, FRPP, in Edo State has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to immediately reconstitute the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, in view of the recent Supreme Court pronouncement on the… February 25, 2016 In "News"